Can you tell me where the milk is present ?
Its inside the cooler near the first rack.
Where can I get Chips ?
Its near the entrance rack on the left side.
Can I get Oil Foods here?
Yes they are Available. Buy two litre groundnut oil and get a half litre pack free.
Are any discounts available for any products ?
Yes, are you crazy at Deodrants. A Mega Sale offer is going for Deodrants.
I like Cream Biscuits. Can you suggest me some ?
Yes, our store has Parle Bourbon,Jim Jam, Sunfeast Choco Cookies,Britannia Pure Magic,Sunfeast Dark Fantasy Choco Fills and many more.  
Can you tell me where Biscuits is present ?
Its at the first section left side third rack.
Can you tell me what types of rice available?
We have steamed, boiled, semi boiled, brown, basmati and idly rices.
Can you tell me where fruits are available?
Its near the counter left side.
Can you tell me todays offer?
Today we have an mega offer at rice, wheat combo.
Where can I get chocolate and ice creams?
Its inside the cooler near the first rack.
Where is Toor dhall present?
Its at the third section right side second rack.
What are the different Channa available?
Black, White Channa are available.
Where is White Channa available?
Its at the third section right side first rack.
Can you tell me the cost of White channa?
Its sixty four for five hundred grams
Can you tell me where the Black Karamani available?
Its at the third section right side first rack.
What are the different Karamani available?
White, Black Karamani are available.
Can you tell me where vegetables are available?
Its near the counter right side.
Can you tell me the cost of onion?
Its fifty rupees per kg.
Can you tell me the cost of apple?
Its ninety five per kg.
Can you tell me where the curd is present?
Its inside the cooler near the first rack.
Can you tell me where the fishs available?
Its inside the cooler near the third rack.
Can you tell me the price of frozen chicken?
Its one hundred per kg.
Where can I get soaps ?
Its at the fourth section right side first rack.
Where can I get cool drinks ?
Its inside the cooler near the third rack.
Can you tell me the price of unsalted butter?
Its fifty five rupees for five hundred grams.
Can you tell me where is unsalted butter located?
Its inside the cooler near the first rack.
Where can I get AAA battery?
Its at the fourth section left side last rack.
How much a AAA battery cost?
Its twenty five per battery.
I like chocolate ice creams. Can you suggest me some?
Yes, our store has different Cornetto flavours includes chocolate, Magnum,Kwality Walls and many more.
Can you tell me where is cheese located?
Its inside the cooler near the second rack.
Can you tell me the price of cheese?
Its fifty six for hundred grams.
Can you tell me where can I get hand wash?
Its at the fourth section right side second rack.
Can you tell me where can I get sweets?
Its at the third section right side second rack.
Can you tell me where can I get snacks?
Its at the third section left side second rack.
Can you tell me where can I get banana?
Its near the counter left side.
What the price of banana?
Its sixty five per kg.
Can you tell me where can I get towel?
Its at the fourth section second rack.






